README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Brauch ich ein GA?</h1>
  <img src="./assets/icon.png" width="200"/>
  <p>Find out when it makes sense to switch to a Generalabonnement (GA)!</p>
</div>

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![Quality Checks](https://github.com/andrinmeier/brauch-ich-ein-ga/actions/workflows/quality_checks.yml/badge.svg)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=andrinmeier_brauch-ich-ein-ga&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=andrinmeier_brauch-ich-ein-ga)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![e2e](https://img.shields.io/badge/e2e-Cypress-04C38E.svg)](https://www.cypress.io/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/978401806990332014)](https://discord.com/channels/978401806990332014/978402326714916914)

# Brauch ich ein GA?



## Vision

A mobile application that requires no user registration and login that lets you track all public transit expenses.
As soon as a user defined limit is reached, the user should be notified.

Commit message:

Add link to Google Play Store

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Brauch ich ein GA?</h1>
  <img src="./assets/icon.png" width="200"/>
  <p>Find out when it makes sense to switch to a Generalabonnement (GA)!</p>
</div>

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![Quality Checks](https://github.com/andrinmeier/brauch-ich-ein-ga/actions/workflows/quality_checks.yml/badge.svg)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=andrinmeier_brauch-ich-ein-ga&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=andrinmeier_brauch-ich-ein-ga)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![e2e](https://img.shields.io/badge/e2e-Cypress-04C38E.svg)](https://www.cypress.io/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/978401806990332014)](https://discord.com/channels/978401806990332014/978402326714916914)

# Vision

A mobile application that requires no user registration and login that lets you track all public transit expenses.
As soon as a user defined limit is reached, the user should be notified.

# Google Play Store

This App is available on the [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ch.pricemeier.brauchicheinga).
